Update installation and update docs (#5857)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/_index.md

## Installation

{{% note %}}

> You are currently browsing documentation for version of Poetry that is still in preview release.
> Please check "Install Poetry" and "Update Poetry" sections below for instructions on how to install or update to that version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are viewing documentation for the development branch, you may wish to install a preview or development version of Poetry.
See the **Configure the installation** step below for how to install preview or alternate versions of Poetry.
```

```

{{% warning %}}

> Poetry `1.1` versions are not able to update to `1.2` releases or later using `poetry self update`.
> Migrate to `1.2` using `https://install.python-poetry.org` script or `pipx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Poetry `1.1` series releases are not able to update in-place to `1.2` or newer series releases.
To migrate to newer releases, uninstall and then reinstall using the [methods above]({{< ref "#Installation" >}} "Installation").
```
